[charts] Allow tooltip to anchor items (#19954)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/tooltip/tooltip.md

To hide a series, the formatted value should be `null`.
To display the series with a blank space, return an empty string.

## Position

By default the tooltip is placed relative to the pointer position.

> If the pointer is not available, it is placed relative to the item instead.

Author: Yes. For now it's not visible, but when adding controlled tooltip, it feel necessary that the tooltip get placed on the node because most of the time pointer will not be available.

This behavior can be modified with the `anchor`, `position`, and `placement` props.

- The `anchor: 'pointer' | 'node'` indicates if the tooltip should be placed relative to the pointer or the node.
- The `position: 'top' | 'right' | 'bottom' | 'left'` precise the anchor position compared to the node.

> - The `placement` is the tooltip placement from [PopperJS](https://popper.js.org/docs/v1/#popperplacements--codeenumcode). By default the same value as `position` if defined.

Reviewer: Tried to make this clearer. Also updated the link to Popper v2 which is the version we're using.

```suggestion
- The `position: 'top' | 'right' | 'bottom' | 'left'` defines the anchor position compared to the node. This prop has no effect if the anchor is the pointer.
- The `placement` is the tooltip placement from [PopperJS](https://popper.js.org/docs/v2/constructors/#options). It specifies the tooltip position in relation to the anchor position. By default the same value as `position` if defined.

For example, setting `anchor: 'node'`, `position: 'bottom'` and `placement: 'top'` on a bar chart would render a tooltip above the bottom of a bar.
```

You can pass those props to the tooltip using `slotProps.tooltip`, or directly to either `<ChartsTooltip />` or `<ChartsTooltipContainer />` if you're using composition.

> {{"demo": "TooltipPosition.js", "hideToolbar": true, "bg": "playground"}}

Reviewer: Would it make sense to enable keyboard navigation for this chart so we can test the `anchor` prop?

To hide a series, the formatted value should be `null`.
To display the series with a blank space, return an empty string.

## Position

By default the tooltip is placed relatively to the pointer position.
If the pointer is not available, the item tooltip is placed relatively to the item.

This behavior can be modified with the `anchor`, `position`, and `placement` props.

> - The `anchor: 'pointer' | 'node'` indicates if the tooltip should be placed relatively to the pointer or the node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `anchor: 'pointer' | 'node'` indicates if the tooltip should be placed relative to the pointer or the node.
```

- The `position: 'top' | 'right' | 'bottom' | 'left'` precise the anchor position compared to the node.

> - The `placement` is the tooltip placement from [PopperJS](https://popper.js.org/docs/v1/#popperplacements--codeenumcode). By default the same value as `position` if defined.

Reviewer 2: It feels like we don't need both `position` and `placement`.

Reviewer 2: > But its seems to be usefull. The `position` is than anchor placement and `placement` how does the tooltip place itself relatively to the anchor

It doesn't seem like this is how it works. It feels like we could just kill position in favour of placement.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c8206e79-85d4-4db0-b8dd-0693a5fab9f3
